
# Understanding Non-scalar sensor data in the TDM polystore

Non-scalar (or multi-dimensional) Sources are defined by the fact that they
define a non-empty `shape` vector, which represents the shape of each array
element in the time series generated by the Source.

An example of a non-scalar source is a weather radar, which could generate a time
series of 2D precipitation maps; another is a weather simulation, which could
generate a time series of 3D snapshots of a weather model.
 

## Key specific source metadata

### Field name: `description.brand_name`

Who/what produced the Source device.


### Field name: `description.model_name`

Model name of the device.


### Field name: `description.operated_by`

The organization that operates the device.


### Field name: `description.reference`

URL to more specific information about the specific device or service.
Following this URL, you should be able to find the information required to
property interpret the data generated by the device.

### Field name: `description.comments`

Optional comments.

### Field name: `geomapping`

To be determined.


## Registered multi-dimensional sources


### Radar UNICA

* `entity_category`: Radar
* `entity_type`: MeteoRadar
* controlledProperties:
  - `L`: Massa d'acqua (unità sconosciute)
  - `A`: alpha channel; maschera che serve per indicare zone della matrice da ignorare.


### Mosaico DPC

Data from the [radar mosaic service] provided by the Dipartimento di Protezione
Civile

* `entity_category`: Radar
* `entity_type`: MeteoRadarMosaic
* controlledProperties:
 - `TEMP`
 - `VMI`
 - `SRT`
 - `DPC-IR`
 - `LTG`
 - `WIND-AMV`
 - `DPC-HRD`

[radar mosaic service]: http://www.protezionecivile.gov.it/attivita-rischi/meteo-idro/attivita/previsione-prevenzione/centro-funzionale-centrale-rischio-meteo-idrogeologico/monitoraggio-sorveglianza/mappa-radar
